README.md, before:

# Rich1MathSeqin

#### Rich’s first (experimental) mathematical Seqin.

@TODO description.


Authors
-------
Built by Rich Plastow and Monty Anderson for Loop.Coop.

+ __Homepage:__     [richplastow.com/seqin-r1ma/](http://richplastow.com/seqin-r1ma/)
+ __GitHub:__       [richplastow/seqin-r1ma](https://github.com/richplastow/seqin-r1ma)
+ __NPM:__          [seqin-r1ma](https://www.npmjs.com/package/seqin-r1ma)
+ __Twitter:__      [@loopdotcoop](https://twitter.com/loopdotcoop)
+ __Location:__     Brighton, UK


App
---
+ __Last update:__  2017/07/11
+ __Version:__      0.0.3


Tested
------
+ __Android 7.1 (Pixel):__  Chrome 58+, Firefox 51+
+ __iOS 10.3 (iPad Pro):__  Safari 10+
+ __Windows 10:__           Edge 14+
+ __Windows XP:__           Firefox 45+, Chrome 45+, Opera 32+
+ __OS X El Sierra:__       Safari 10.1+


Changelog
---------
+ 0.0.1       Renamed after fork from Monty1MathSeqin
+ 0.0.2       Basic sine wave
+ 0.0.3       Improved support/usage.html style and functionality

Commit message:

0.0.4 Brought in line with MathSeqin 0.0.5

README.md, after:

# Rich1MathSeqin

#### Rich’s first (experimental) mathematical Seqin.

@TODO description.


Authors
-------
Built by Rich Plastow and Monty Anderson for Loop.Coop.

+ __Homepage:__     [richplastow.com/seqin-r1ma/](http://richplastow.com/seqin-r1ma/)
+ __GitHub:__       [richplastow/seqin-r1ma](https://github.com/richplastow/seqin-r1ma)
+ __NPM:__          [seqin-r1ma](https://www.npmjs.com/package/seqin-r1ma)
+ __Twitter:__      [@loopdotcoop](https://twitter.com/loopdotcoop)
+ __Location:__     Brighton, UK


App
---
+ __Last update:__  2017/07/17
+ __Version:__      0.0.4


Tested
------
+ __Android 7.1 (Pixel):__  Chrome 58+, Firefox 51+
+ __iOS 10.3 (iPad Pro):__  Safari 10+
+ __Windows 10:__           Edge 14+
+ __Windows XP:__           Firefox 45+, Chrome 45+, Opera 32+
+ __OS X El Sierra:__       Safari 10.1+


Changelog
---------
+ 0.0.1       Renamed after fork from Monty1MathSeqin
+ 0.0.2       Basic sine wave
+ 0.0.3       Improved support/usage.html style and functionality
+ 0.0.4       Brought in line with MathSeqin 0.0.5
